# Projects

## Websites in Rust

I have implemented this website in the programming language Rust.  It
has been my first web development in the language (but not first
development in Rust in general), and has been an excellent learning
experience. Due to having clear aims (mainly for the future) and not
knowing the web ecosystem yet (and choosing a non-async, but
simplicistic web server as the basis) I implemented quite a lot of
parts myself. I'll explore the ecosystem around Axum to see what I'll
want to keep and migrate. But I now know that I can get working
whatever I need.

The code is [public](https://github.com/pflanze/website), but while
I'll be able to base other websites on it, it's not clear whether it
will be as useful for others in the current form.  It also contains
the code to serve a blog. I'll publish a post about this
code base.

## Teaching programming with C

[Cj50](https://github.com/pflanze/cj50) is a code base to help write
graphical programs (simple games) in the programming language C, in a
style that's reminiscent of the programming language Rust, i.e. more
modern, consistent, and in a way that should make learning Rust more
familiar. Perhaps this will also be useful for C programmers who would
like to start learning Rust?

## Data science & OpenStreetMap

Working with a scientist, I'm developing a code base in Rust to
evaluate [health data from
Brazil](https://github.com/climatehealthsim/brazildata). This also
includes the extraction of geographical data from OpenStreetMap. The
project is ongoing.

## Functional programming in Perl

[Functional Perl](http://functional-perl.org/) is a project to support
a functional programming style in Perl.

